Can you hear us?
Give a thumbs up or a heart or something in there so I know that you're here.
Yes.
Sorry I'm coming on so late.
You all, the Lord asked me to do this.
I was out praying already for the nation today and driving around as I was praying against these ICE protests and stuff in our area, and I was just driving around, just praying, and all of a sudden, a rain started to fall on them as they were protesting, acting ugly out there with all their ugly signs.
The rain started falling down and it washed it out and they were running.
So, glory to God.
How many people are here?
I'm going to start really praying.
500?
Okay.
Well, glory to God, I got 500 of you.
That's all we need.
The Lord put it on my heart.
He said, 'Brandon, I want you to come on.
' And he said, 'If you do this just for a couple of minutes...
' I saw sympathizers again rising up tonight.
And the vision when I was driving around praying over these ICE protests today, I was going up and down the street and I was just praying because we had people doing stupid stuff.
And he said, 'If you just go on there and pray...
' I saw a group of men, these people that are lone wolf men.
I saw lone wolf people.
He says as the nights start to get dark in America, these people are going to try to come out.
He said it's been quiet all day.
He said, 'This is the time to pray,' praying over the firework celebrations, people gathering.
I saw again, driving around today, I saw mass shootings, mass casualty shootings.
And he said, 'Pray against this.
' And I saw it was on like a WhatsApp, some kind of app.
They were communicating, but they were in fear.
Some of these men were in fear.
They were trying to talk to each other to be motivated to carry out an event.
And there was one man that was the leader.
And I could hear him on there trying to get them to have courage, saying 'death to the infidels, death to America, death to Israel,' and trying to raise up courage in these men to carry out these events.
And so the Lord told me, 'Come against this.
' And as we do, it's like pinpricking a membrane.
And I saw like a balloon that was full of a liquid.
And he said, 'Pinprick that membrane, Brandon, and deflate that, for this is a time right now that the enemy would try to rise up to be great distractions against the nation and cause harm and havoc.
' He showed me a great jubilee period of a wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
And I keep seeing this wealth transfer as I'm praying.
He said, 'Pay attention to me as the big BBB, the big beautiful bill was signed today, as things are signed.
' He said, 'A great financial momentum like a rocket ship will take off if you are listening to what the spirit of the Lord is telling you to do in these last days.
' He said, 'This is the window.
This is what I told you.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity and this will be like a shot in the arm.
' Like, I hate to use...
it's not a vaccination because I'm anti-vaccination, but I'm saying like something to stimulate.
Thank you, son, I appreciate that.
It's going to be adrenaline on steroids.
There you go, I'm trying here, y'all.
It's live, but that's what I saw.
It was like an adrenaline rush, but I saw it as for a window.
There are plans in the future, great distractions in the future.
And I keep telling you all to pray over these things that I'm bringing to you on a day-to-day basis, to pray over these things: over the plague, a major plague, when I saw the black horse riding, these things coming; weather warfare; we see the volcano going off in Japan.
My son told me, 'Dad, they had over 900 earthquakes in the last couple of days.
' 900 earthquakes!
I didn't even know about it.
Braden tells me about these things.
I'm like, 'That is amazing, that's a lot.
900 is a lot.
' I don't know if they're small ones; obviously, they're just small ones, there wouldn't be really big ones.
But the Lord still shows me a major earthquake splitting Japan, a major one.
And the Lord said, 'Pray over these for the people's safety.
' You know, we're going to see earthquakes in divers places.
We're going to see these major events in the days ahead because the Bible tells us we're going to see it.
But as a believer, we're protected.
We're in that shelter, in that place of the Most High, abiding underneath the shadow of the Almighty.
And I believe he is our refuge and our fortress, our God; in him will we trust.
It is not for the believer to be in fear and be all worried about what's coming and looking after those things coming on the earth.
For it said, 'The powers of heaven will be shaken.
Men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things coming on the earth,' right?
But it's not for us to be in fear.
Why?
Because we are believing believers who have a covenant with an almighty God who loves them.
And he is going to protect his people if we are staying vertical, if we're staying and looking at his face and saying, 'Father, where am I supposed to be today?
' If he says, 'Don't go,' don't go.
Follow the peace of God.
And I've said that a thousand times, and I'll continue to say it: follow the word, follow the peace.
And if you follow the word, if you're following the word and you're following the peace, you're going to be in the right place at the right time at all times.
So, that's what we're going to pray today.
And that the people in these get-togethers...
I saw, like I said, this man was wearing a white shirt.
He was probably 185 pounds.
He has black hair, his eyebrows were dark, and he had semi-olive skin, not real olive, but kind of pale-looking white.
I don't know how to describe that in words, like an olive-looking skin, but it's not real olive, it's more white, but there's pigment to him, more pigment than not is what I'm trying to say.
And he was wearing, like I said, a white shirt.
He was about that weight.
And he came into the crowd and he opened fire.
And that's what I was praying against all afternoon, praying and interceding for what I was seeing in these visions.
And I was like, 'Well, I don't want to bother the people because they're with their families.
' But the Lord said, 'Brandon, if you just go on for just 30 minutes, an hour, pray with the people, we'll deflate this balloon.
You must use your authority.
' And, you know, he always tells me, 'Brandon, many hands make light work.
Where there are many hands, they make light work.
' So, we pray over our churches, we pray over the gatherings.
We'll just pray for just a little bit here because I know you all want to watch your fireworks shows, but the Lord said to do this.
So, okay, we're just going to jump right into the river, and you can go tubing with me.
Let's go tubing and let's do what God's called us to do here, do some work, and we're going to stop these events that are trying to rise up.
And the Lord told me, 'You must pray.
' And so, that's what we're here today to do, okay?
So, like I said, we'll just pray for a minute, and you can be with your families.
So, Father, we just lift up every single person in these fireworks shows.
We say, 'Satan, you will not take lives, innocent lives.
We will not have terrorist attacks.
We will not have lone wolf attacks upon this nation from sea to shining sea.
' We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single person, over every get-together, church function, wherever it may be.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of us.
We thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
That law enforcement is heightened today more than ever, even going into the fifth and the sixth over the weekend.
We pray over the Yankee Stadium.
We pray over the baseball and over all the area where they're playing baseball.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that no surprise hidden attacks, no lone wolf experiences will come on this nation in the name of Jesus.
I plead the blood.
And I thank you, Lord, that you have a plan for us, not to harm us but to prosper us and have a great future.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that today we rise up with a backbone like a crowbar, taking our authority over our areas, Father, where we are at, over Tulsa, over Dallas, over Fort Worth, over Arlington, over Houston, wherever you may be.
Father, we use our authority right now, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side, 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us, Lord, because your word says that you sent your angels to keep charge over us, and you said you would bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your angels that are keeping charge over every plot, every plant.
We speak to the demonic spirits, for we wrestle not against flesh and blood.
But Father, you said that we wrestle against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places.
Father, we take authority over those spirits trying to come against us, Father, to try to harm us in any way.
We pray peace over this nation right now in Jesus' name.
We call covering over President Trump, over JD Vance, over the children, over the grandchildren.
We pray over our politicians, Father, over our law enforcement, over all of Homeland Security, over the FBI.
Give them ideas, Father.
Give them the downloads from the Holy Spirit, Father, that they would wake up even in the midnight hour, and they would know, 'This is a warning.
I'm supposed to take this seriously.
It's a dream,' but they may not even be saved.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're raising up men and women in these positions to take the baton and do what you've called them to do, that we will have a nation that is on fire for Jesus, that we'll have a major revival.
Father, all this, Father, we call for the revival across the land from sea to shining sea, from all the way from the Gulf all the way up to Canada.
We call forth a revival in Jesus' name.
We call forth a revival over this nation in Jesus' name.
You said this would be a time of a birthing.
Whenever I told you I was praying over the African-Americans and the Lord said he was bringing retribution for all the slavery and all the things that were taking place, and he said, 'I've not forgotten you.
' He said, 'I'm bringing back retribution to you.
' And he said, 'I'm going to restore back what the cankerworm ate.
' And I told you all there's going to be supernatural finances coming to the people.
And then I saw a baby being born again.
And I saw Israel, and I saw a baby being born.
And this is what I believe with this big BBB, the beautiful bill, and all that's happening on this Fourth of July, these things being signed.
A new industrial revolution is upon us.
If you go back to the visions and how they all went about, the Lord said a new industrial revolution, a financial breakthrough with crypto, and these things are going to start to take place, Brandon.
You're going to see the foundation being laid in the days ahead.
And as it's being laid, you're going to see things start to happen differently than what we've ever seen before.
Just like it was with Benjamin Franklin.
And I saw Benjamin Franklin there with the flag.
And the Lord said, 'Out of electricity, look at all the things that have come, out of AI, look what all is about to come.
' What the devil means for bad, ladies and gentlemen, God can turn it around for good if you grab a hold of it and say, 'You know what?
I'm not going to grab the bad side, but I'm going to use it for good.
' And I'm telling you all, there's good days for the body of Christ if you just grab a hold of it.
It's not time to shrink back.
It's time to take the land for Jesus.
He said he's raising up Davids.
He's raising up Esters.
He's raising up a new generation.
Yeah, we're going to see some of the elders start to go home, the cycle of life.
But he said, 'I'm raising up new people of new voices that you've never heard before that will be the ones.
' Yesterday he told me, he said, 'The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' Brandon, he said what he meant by that is pure hearts, people that are in it for the right motives, people that are hungry for me, that are sold out, that are desperate, that crave him.
How bad do you crave the Father?
How bad do you want change?
And that's what he was talking to me about as I drove around today.
He was like, 'Crave me like you crave ice cream or you crave whatever.
Crave in a greater way.
Crave the Holy Spirit.
Crave the things of God.
' Like Pastor Chip was saying on Wednesday, and it kept, he started talking to me about it when I was driving around, just stirring in me: 'Crave the things of God.
Crave a move of God.
Crave it.
' And there's a lot of people, like I said, the Lord tells me, he said, 'Brandon, their hearts are truly not in this.
There's a lot of lip service.
There's a lot of people saying yes, yes, but their heart is saying no, no.
They're really not in this to win it.
They're not in it.
' But that's why he said, 'Brandon, that's why I say the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' There's a lot of people that say a lot, but they don't do what they say.
Glory to God.
I feel the Holy Ghost on that.
It's time to get excited.
It's time to have an anticipation for God to show up in your services.
It's time to have an anticipation for God to show up in your life, even on the street corners and in the grocery stores, that God shows up and you lay hands on the sick and you see them recover.
'Well, I've never seen it before,' but we're in the last of the last days.
There's an urgency.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, there needs to be an urgency.
Fan the people's flame.
Tell them there's an urgency.
There's an urgency.
Jesus is coming.
It's time to look up, for our redemption draws nigh.
' I'm here on the mountaintops yelling, telling you through the valleys.
It's time to wake up.
Jesus is coming, and he's doing one last call for people to come to him before it's too late.
The ark door is closing, ladies and gentlemen.
But there's a great harvest of souls that we're about to see beyond anybody's comprehension.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, right now for that harvest.
We thank you for this great nation.
We thank you, Lord, for this great nation today.
We thank you, Lord, that it's one nation that's under God and that we will see a major shaking to awaken.
A major shaking to awaken.
Father, we pray over that underwater volcano on the Oregon coastline.
I saw it right then.
Whenever I said that, when I said shaking to awaken, I just instantaneously was in the spirit.
I saw the volcano going off on the Oregon coastline again.
I saw it.
I'm telling you all, a major eruption.
Major earthquakes.
We pray over our nation today.
We pray over our pastors.
We pray over the people to have a backbone like a crowbar, that they wake up.
They wake up because they're running out of time.
They're running out of time.
Thank you, Lord.
From coast to coast, over these firework shows, over the get-togethers right now as people are assembling together.
They're all coming together and they're having this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that people have their heightened alert.
Y'all, I'm just going to pray in the spirit right now.
I feel to keep praying in the spirit.
Okay, so you can pray with me.
How many people are with me here, son?
2,800.
That's what I saw in the spirit.
That's good.
Okay.
Everything I see.
Father, if you show me anything, I plead the blood over my eyes.
No familiar spirits, nothing is going to bother me.
I thank you, Lord, that I plead the blood.
I always take communion before I start to see like that.
Father, I cover my ears and my eyes in the blood.
And I take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for my transgressions.
You were bruised for my iniquities.
The chastisement of my peace is upon you.
And with your stripes, I'm healed.
And I thank you, Lord, that I hear your voice, and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
I cover my eyes.
I cover my spiritual eyes.
I cover my ears, and I hear you, Lord.
And I thank you, Lord, that we'll hear you clearly if you have anything to show us in the name of Jesus.
If not, we just pray.
Father, we thank you, Lord, right now in Jesus name.
I take the body, and I thank you, Lord, for your body.
I make much of the blood, and I apply it over my sins today.
Anything I've done wrong that I don't even know, Father, cover it in grace and mercy.
I thank you, Lord, that your blood covers me.
I make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood over our nation, over our law enforcement.
Father, we cover them in the blood in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood right now that covers us.
Thank you, Lord, that we confess our sins.
You're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Father, I give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus name.
Amen.
Now, I know I can jump more in that river.
I don't ever do it unless I take communion.
Covering me.
You don't want to be snared by stuff.
And I just anoint my head with oil.
It's important because you don't want to be all flaky.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord.
I apply the blood all around this house.
I apply the blood around my children.
I apply the blood around my wife.
I apply the blood over our finances.
We apply the blood.
Satan, you can't cross the bloodline concerning our neighborhoods, concerning our households, concerning our children, concerning us.
We make much of the blood.
Over our nation, over every plot, every plan of the wicked, we call it down in the name of Jesus.
We break it down in the name of Jesus.
You'll not touch us.
You'll not harm us.
You'll not do anything in the name of Jesus.
We call the blood over this certain circumstance in the name of Jesus.
For we call a turnaround.
I keep seeing New York right now.
I keep seeing New York flashing before me.
I see the Statue of Liberty.
I know where I'm at.
Repair.
He's talking about a bomb right there.
He's hiding these cities.
I see Denver.
I see Seattle, and He's highlighting to me.
I see big boulders, and I see these cities right now, and we're praying over the cities: Denver, Philadelphia, Chicago, mercy.
Glory, glory.
Father, we rejoice.
And again I say rejoice, and rejoice in the Lord.
And again I say rejoice.
We rejoice.
These things are coming down.
I see Dallas right now.
I see Dallas again.
We pray over these cities, Father.
We pray over these cities.
'Well, you're just calling out cities, Brand.
' No, these are cities that are strategic.
We must pray over these cities.
Over every child.
Over the children.
He's talking about the sex trafficking right now.
The trafficking, the traffic I've seen.
They're coming up from Mexico.
We call the fire of God on them today.
We call the fire of God.
We call breakthrough.
Today we call breakthrough.
Every plot, every plan, we're coming against you today.
Every plot, every plan that you have, we're coming against you.
You're not going to take our land.
Get their attention, Lord.
A great shaking to awaken.
Get their attention, Lord, that a rebirthing of America, a great revival once again, that you would visit this land once again.
Lord, oh, we call a stirring in every pastor, every evangelist, every teacher.
Oh, the pastors, prophets, teachers, evangelists, we call a stirring in them in Jesus name.
Father, you said you wouldn't give new wine in old wine skins.
So, we ask for the Holy Spirit to apply that Holy Ghost oil all over them.
Oh, Father, making that pouch, all that wine skin pliable.
Oh, you said, 'Can these bones live?
Can these bones live?
' We call resurrection of the bones.
Call resurrection of the dead.
We say come up in the name of Jesus.
Get up in the name of Jesus.
Can these bones live?
We say they will live.
They can, Lord.
I said yes.
We speak to the dry bones.
They are alive.
We call Holy Spirit revival, Holy Ghost and fire revival from sea to shining sea.
Father, we call a rebirthing today, a fresh fire.
I see 250 before me.
When I said that, I saw 250 before me.
We call the people that are riding the fence right now.
I see people riding the fence right now.
You're lukewarm.
There's a lot of lukewarm.
The Lord says He'd rather you be hot or cold, but if you're lukewarm, He'll spew you out of His mouth.
He says, 'Stir yourself up.
Come up out of that.
' Riding on the fence.
There's more compromise in you than there is Word.
I hear Him say it.
You're a great compromiser.
It's time to repent and come home.
He said it's time to repent and come home.
Today's the day of salvation for you today.
Don't hesitate anymore to shake off all that compromise out of your life and say, 'I'm coming home, Father.
I'm coming home.
' A stirring inside of you.
What in the world do you want?
What in all of the world do you truly want?
There's nothing that brings you peace.
No matter how much money you get, no matter how much fame you get, nothing will bring you peace.
He is the Prince of Peace, and there's nothing going to satisfy that itch.
You can get all the women or men you want, and it's never going to satisfy it.
Sleeping with everybody like a cat in the alley.
But God's calling you to live holy unto Him.
He's calling you to come up higher with Him.
Not living like a harlot.
Not living like the world.
Come out of the world and crave Him.
Come out of the world and come up higher.
It's time today that you come up higher.
Leave those things and say, 'I'm sold out to Jesus today.
' I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, we're running out of time.
You may be watching this broadcast.
You say, "What is that man doing out there?
This is all so weird.
" You're laughing at it, thinking it's crazy.
But I'm telling you, there's a great shaking coming.
There's a great shaking coming to this nation.
He said, "I don't want that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
" And he's got to get your attention to let you know that you're running out of time.
What you're about to see upon this shore with earthquakes, with super storms, with signs in the heavens, with the finances, with things happening—this is his last call.
You're going to see a great shaking that will bring you to an awakening.
And what you will see in the heavens will bring you to your knees.
Many people will repent in the days ahead for what's about to happen.
It's time for you to come to Jesus.
You're running out of time.
You say, "Brandon, I don't believe all that.
I've heard that before.
" No, no, no.
I'm trying to warn you as a watchman on the wall.
A great shaking's coming.
But this isn't just about America.
This is about a world harvest.
This is about a major harvest that's coming upon the world, warning the people one last time that Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming.
Oh, hallelujah!
The king is coming.
The king's coming.
All these ideas of all this stuff—we have plans for our life to build our kingdoms and people say, "Oh well, I've got to do this.
I've got all these plans.
" My plan is him.
I'm sold out to him.
Not my will, but yours be done.
Lord, whatever you have for me, Lord, I'm sold out.
We're hungry for you, Lord.
We need more of Jesus and less of us.
We already have all we're going to have of Jesus, but he needs more of us.
We need to be sold out more.
He's waiting at the door.
If you're here and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, and you're saying, "This guy is freaking me out," I want to lead you in the sinner's prayer right now.
People say, "I don't know what an altar call is.
" I'm saying you're coming down to the altar on this broadcast right now.
You're coming down to the front of the church and you're saying, "I'm all in.
I need Jesus today.
" If you're watching this and you say, "I don't know.
I know I have a lot of unbelievers come over here because of the psychics and all kinds of people—everybody, they come over and watch.
They want to know what's coming.
" But you're listening to familiar spirits; I'm listening to the Holy Spirit.
And that's why we hear what's coming.
He said he'll show us that which is to come.
He wants to warn us.
We're the news.
We put the other people out of business.
They come over here and say, "What's coming?
" It's not that we want it to come; we want to pray it away.
That's what our assignment is.
We're praying things away, not for them to happen.
We don't want this stuff.
People go, "Whoa, what?
Nothing happened.
" Well, glory to God!
That was why we assembled together to pray.
We don't want this stuff to happen.
Our job is to pray.
That's why I say, do you understand the power and the authority of the believer, and who you are and what you're called to do to pray?
Do you expect results when you pray?
Cuz I do.
I expect him to hear me.
I have a relationship with him.
And when he says, "Pray over this," he's not saying, "Pray over it so it'll happen.
" He's saying, "Pray over this to stop it.
" It's not that you miss it; it's that you were successful in your prayers.
We shouldn't be shocked and awed when we get our prayers answered, going, "Well, you know, sometimes he does, sometimes he don't.
" No, I believe God does all times, and I'm going to keep standing on it and believing it.
Does that make sense?
And people, they don't understand it.
"Well, I don't get it.
" Well, because you've not been taught.
You've been brainwashed by religion.
You go into some lukewarm, dead church, some pastor preaching some kind of sermon, he doesn't have any idea what he's talking about, and you go home lukewarm after you went there instead of getting your flame fanned and saying, "Hey, I can go out and conquer and do life today.
" Why are we wasting our time if it's not stirring you up to help you keep going, sharpening you?
Iron sharpens iron.
Well, the Lord said, "Brandon, get back on target here.
Accept Jesus Christ today.
" I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
Say, "Jesus, today is an independence day.
Today is a new birthing for me today.
America's birth happened today.
And today, on the 4th of July, this is our independence day.
This is my day of spiritual independence.
This is my spiritual birthing, a birthday for me, too.
" Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died and rose again on the third day.
I believe you died for me.
" Make it personal.
"I believe you died for me and I want to accept you as my Lord and Savior.
I need you.
I need a savior.
My life's a mess.
And as of today, from this day forward, I'll turn my back on the world and I turn my back on the devil, and I follow you.
I'm sold out to you.
I need you.
And today, on this Independence Day of America, I hand myself over to you, Lord.
I need you to change me.
I need you to cleanse me from all my unrighteousness by your blood.
And I receive it by faith right now in the name of Jesus.
" Say that: "I receive it.
I receive what you did for me, and I accept Jesus right now as my Lord and Savior.
Write my name in that Lamb's Book of Life.
Today, I'm saved.
" Now, that's not hard.
You just believe it.
With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
And today, you just said it with your heart.
It's not something all religious where you have to go and be like, "Oh, God, forgive me.
" No: "God, I messed up.
I need you.
I need a savior.
" Now, go find a Bible-believing church.
Don't go into some lukewarm place.
"So where's one of those?
" Well, stick around.
We'll teach you the Word.
We'll pray with you.
We'll teach you how to pray.
We'll do all the things that you need to do, the fundamentals of Christianity.
Find a Bible, New King James Version or King James or whatever, and read that Bible every single day.
Pray every single day.
Tell the pastor, if you find a good Bible-believing church, go there and say, "Hey, listen.
I need to be water-baptized.
I got born again watching a broadcast on YouTube, and I accepted Jesus, and I want to be water-baptized.
" Go in there and get water-baptized.
Volunteer at that church.
Dedicate your life to that church to help them out.
"Hey, I'm an usher.
I want to be a doorkeeper, whatever I can be—a parking lot attendant.
Whatever I can do, I want to help out.
" Get plugged in there.
Go to church on Wednesday, Sunday, wherever they have church.
Go and be a part of it, and that's the Christian walk.
And start sharing the gospel with other people.
Tell everybody else that you know, say, "I've been changed from the inside out.
" And the more you read this Word, you're going to get changed from the inside out.
But you've got to get in the Word.
You can't be a one-and-done: "Well, you know, I said the sinner's prayer and then I'm going back into what I used to do.
" No, as of this day forward, I'm following Jesus.
And how do you follow Jesus?
Read what he said to do in his Word.
Start with Ephesians, and then read Hebrews, and read James, and just go through them all and renew your mind to it, and see what he says about you.
First Corinthians, 2 Corinthians.
Yeah.
And that's what you're going to do.
And you come here and we'll pray with you.
Tell us.
But tell us down below.
Say, "Hey, I got saved today watching you.
Today I rededicated my life.
Today I'm watching this and I just gave my heart to Jesus.
" Diana and I, if you can't afford a Bible...
You say, "Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I'm living from paycheck to paycheck.
" Diana and I will buy you a Bible.
If you need one and you can't afford one, we'll send you one from Amazon.
Now, that's our ministry.
We like doing that.
We're not asking anybody for help for that.
That's our personal thing.
Diana and I love to bless people with the Bible.
It's for new converts that come to Jesus; we want to help them.
So, I just want to let you all know that's our thing.
We love that, and we love to help people.
We're not asking for help, but we're telling you we will help the people.
And so, how do you get a hold of us?
You email us.
Our email is in the description below, and just put, "I can't afford a Bible," and put your address in there, and we'll never use it ever again.
It's just to send you a Bible, right?
And if you have one that you understand better, whether it's the Amplified or whatever Living translation, let us know.
People get hung up on that kind of stuff, and I'm saying, "Listen, the Word will change you from the inside out.
" Now, I try to stick close to the King James as much as I can and the New King James.
But sometimes it's like, "I don't understand it.
I'm a baby Christian, and this is so weird.
I don't understand anything I'm reading.
" But find something that you do.
At least you need to get something in your eyes and meditate on the Word, and let the Word change you.
Don't get all religious about stuff.
The Christian walk is fun.
We make it all religious and bind ourselves all up, and we think, "Well, how can we get there because nobody's teaching us?
" Everything is so full of condemnation and beating you down, and that's not what we're about here.
I try to tell you what the Holy Spirit said to change you.
It's time to get real.
It's time to wake up.
You're running out of time.
So, I'm back to praying now.
But I felt like I was supposed to do that before.
So, thank you for joining us today.
I don't know how many we had—3,800 people on the Fourth of July.
That's amazing.
People are hungry.
I thought, "Well, if I only had 500 people show up and we pray for our nation with 500 people, we can get the job done.
" But we really smacked the devil with 3,800.
He's like, "Ouch.
" Okay, let me get a drink.
So, we're going to pray.
Do y'all want to continue to pray?
How long has it been?
I told the Lord—He said, "If you dedicate an hour.
" It's been 38 minutes.
It's getting dark, so most people are going to start wanting to watch their fireworks.
The Wi-Fi is a little patchy sometimes.
Is it working at all, though?
Yeah, it's working.
Is it buffering?
Buffering sometimes.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
Just dipping in the river one more time here.
Is there anything you want to show us anymore, Father?
I see the ocean, and I see one of those red buoys in the middle of the ocean bobbing up and down right now.
So, I'm just keeping you updated on what I just saw.
I see the ocean, and I see a buoy moving up and down in the ocean.
There's something triggering this underwater disturbance that's causing this red thing to bounce up and down.
It has a red light on it.
This is something.
It's what's happening underneath the surface of the ocean.
It's what's going on.
I'm in a state.
Amen.
I see I'm down in Cuba again, and I see Cuba, and it's highlighted again.
I don't know why I keep seeing it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you give me revelation about this.
Why am I seeing Cuba, Father?
Why do I keep seeing Cuba?
A great shaking is coming to the Catholic Church.
I'm seeing the Pope again.
I see the Pope.
He's highlighted to me again.
We call revival in the Catholic Church today.
We call revival.
I see a darkness.
Okay, so I see him, and then I see a darkness, and I see little lights that are on in there, but there's great darkness over this area.
I don't know why I'm seeing those little lights, but it's a little candlelight.
It's a little candlelight in a picture window.
And I see old structures.
They're made out of stone.
I see two candles for sure.
I don't know what that is.
Open the door.
Open their eyes, Lord.
Open their eyes from religious ways.
From the religious ways, open their eyes today.
Blinders coming off.
I'm seeing Canada.
I see their Prime Minister—the guy, the new guy.
I see his face.
I don't know what this is about right there, but it's connected to Europe heavily.
But then I'm going into it and I'm praying into the Catholic Church, and he's standing out.
And it's with the King, and this man from Canada, and I see the Chancellor of Germany.
And now I see.
I see.
So, the Pope, the man that's over Canada, and over Macron, and then Germany, and the King of England.
I see these men.
What is this?
I see war.
I see war around Zelenskyy.
I see Ukraine.
I see war.
I went into it, and I'm seeing Kim Jong-un.
He's on the sidelines over here.
He's like, as you say, on the bench.
He's over here in the shadows of all this.
He's not in it like these others are with the Pope and these others.
There's influence here; there's something happening here.
But I see Kim out here.
They're at a table.
It's like they're trying to...
They don't want the United States in this.
They're trying to have their own front, and the United States...
I see Trump on the outs.
Trump on the outs, and they're trying to do their own thing.
Do you understand?
In the days ahead, Trump is out.
He's over here, and he's like a mouthpiece, but he's in his office, and he's saying things, but they're doing their own thing.
They're over here, and he's over here, but he still has influence because they want him in the mix.
But he's trying to be over here out of the mix.
And I see Canada, I see these men in England, and they're devising a plan: "How do we sustain this?
How do we sustain this?
" Why would the Pope be involved in that?
I see Germany.
How do we...
I hear them, "Where do we go from here?
Where do we go from here?
" They're saying, "Where do you go from here?
" Devising a plan.
"Where do we go from here?
Is this a loss?
" They don't want to lose all of it, but they see he's all in.
And they're talking about Putin.
Putin is all in.
He wants the whole land, but they're trying to devise a plan: "How do we keep this?
How do we keep what we have and not lose it all the way?
" They're devising a plan.
And then they say, "War, war.
" I hear, "War, war.
" The economy of Canada is in trouble.
The economy of Canada is in trouble.
Certain places are worse than others.
I'm going, and I see each of them.
I don't understand that they're all one country, right?
But it's like I see lines, like what you see on there, and it goes Quebec, like British Columbia, and it goes boop, boop, boop.
I see certain places are worse than others in their economy.
He's trying to figure out a way to stimulate the economy.
Stimulate trade deals to stimulate the economy.
Their economy is in trouble.
A great depression is within.
I don't like praying like this.
I'm seeing stuff.
It makes me jump.
Neighbors are popping fireworks.
When I'm looking over like this, pops are going off, and it's not funny.
I'm like, 'Okay, because I'm seeing stuff that's tripping me out a little bit.
' It made me jump again because I'm seeing war, and I'm hearing those things go off.
There's much more here to pray about.
But he said, 'You gave me your hour, Brandon.
' I told him I would, but Lord, I am always yours.
I will always help you.
Nothing else matters, Father.
Glory to God each day.
He said, 'Glory.
' Oh Lord, I love you.
Glory to God.
Well, Lord, I'm here if you still want to pray.
I know you said an hour, but I'll help you, Lord.
Do you want to show me more about this?
What's going on in Canada with this?
I'll help you.
It's amazing how he said, 'You give me an hour,' and then it just cut off.
As I can see in the vision, he said, 'If you just give me an hour, I'll work with it today.
' And I said, 'Lord, I'll do it.
' Then, all of a sudden, it's like he said it.
He's such an honorable God.
He truly is amazing.
I'm all in, Lord.
I'm all in, Father.
He said, 'There it is.
' I see it again.
He said, 'Ten more minutes.
' I'll do it.
Ten more minutes.
You want my boy?
Okay, I'm back in Canada again.
I see him.
He's desperate.
This man is desperate.
I see desperation on his face.
This man is sweating.
Can you tell me this man's name?
He's a gray-headed man.
He's in Canada.
He's sweating.
The economy of Canada is in trouble.
He's faking it.
Trying to tell us they've got it under control.
He doesn't have it under control.
Is that him?
Yeah, that's him.
What's his name?
Mark.
Yep, thank you.
His name is Mark.
He doesn't have it under control.
I see they're in great trouble.
The barrels are rolling down out of Canada, coming into America.
The barrels are rolling, and they're breaking.
They're 50-gallon barrels, like whiskey barrels, and they're rolling and breaking.
He's trying to build alliances with Europe.
I see alliances with Europe.
I see Macron.
I see other people.
There's a woman.
There are trade agreements trying to help Canada.
But Canada is in trouble.
Canada is financially in trouble.
I even see Chinese agreements, Asian people trying to help him, trying to trade, but Donald Trump is standing like a pillar with his back toward him, looking over his shoulder.
Donald Trump has his back turned, looking at the man over his shoulder in the vision, like he turned his back on him but is looking at him, kind of teasing.
You see?
But he's stone cold in the face.
Just business.
That's what he's doing in the vision.
I see him.
That's what Donald Trump is doing right then.
They're saying, 'Well, we've got oil.
And we've got lumber.
' I see these things.
But what is this?
What's the reason for all this?
What are you showing us today, Father?
It's about the world economy.
New alliances are being born.
Old alliances are being brushed off.
I'm in Europe again.
I see Switzerland.
I see the French.
I see Spain.
They're trying to keep the euro afloat.
These people are trying to figure out how to devise a financial plan, stirring things up.
But it's all centered around war.
I hear war.
And Zelenskyy is the puppet.
He's a puppet.
This man is a marionette.
He's tied to the strings, saying, 'Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
' He moves his hands, moving down.
I see him moving his hands over this area, and he's doing exactly what he's been told to do.
But what the Lord is upset about is the people dying on the battlefield.
He says innocent blood is being shed for these men's greed and lust.
Innocent blood is being shed—children, young men.
The Lord is angry about this.
I hear him say the young men are dying because of the puppet masters they try to play themselves to be.
'This is what you're praying into, son.
' That's what he says.
Men's blood is on the battlefield all because of greed.
He said it's on both sides.
Men are dying.
They wouldn't put their sons in the middle of it.
He says they wouldn't put their daughters and sons in the middle of this.
He says people's lives are in jeopardy.
This is what he's talking about.
He's upset about this.
There are young kids.
There's a young little girl.
I see women.
People are dying.
Bombs are going off.
People are getting hurt.
Men are on the battlefield.
I'm seeing women with brown hair in a ponytail.
People are passing away as they're running, trying to get out of harm's way.
This is what the Lord is upset about, because he said these men are playing puppets.
They're escalating.
There's an escalation trying to come, a provoking to bring more people and lives into this.
That's what he's talking about.
Do you hear what I'm telling you?
He says it's about an escalation trying to come, and he's upset about the lives being lost.
Just too many people, too much innocent life, too many people dying.
Then he said, 'What are you going to do about it?
You're going to pray.
' That's our assignment.
The Lord said, 'The racket of war on Israel's side with Iran, and all these innocent lives in Gaza, all these people dying.
' The racket of war.
That's what he says.
Would they put their son on the front lines for what they're doing?
No, but yet you'll put somebody else's.
What are you fighting for?
Why not come to the table for peace?
Come to the table to defuse this.
And they kick.
They don't want Trump in.
And I see Trump over here, and he's trying to have an influence in it, but they're trying to devise their own plan in Europe.
How do we do this without him?
We don't want his influence.
We want war, war, war.
That's what they're saying over here.
War, war, war.
What they say is different than what they're doing in their hearts is what the Lord said.
Trump's really trying to stop it.
I see him over here.
He's trying to stop it.
He's trying to defuse things.
Yeah, this happened over here, but he's trying to defuse the Israel thing by blowing up those things over there and then say, "Listen, we're done.
We don't want any part of that.
We want peace.
We did what was required of us.
Now we want peace.
Now we're standing over here.
Just leave us alone.
We want peace over here.
We want prosperity.
We want wealth.
We want peace.
" But there's people who are heck-bent on having war.
But why is the Pope in the middle of that?
That's why I don't understand that.
That's very interesting because I see him again, and he's standing over here, and it's like he's trying to be the referee, like it's Europe, it's a Catholic thing.
I don't understand because I'm not Catholic.
Hallelujah.
Well, that's my ten minutes.
Well, glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Thank you all for joining me today.
I know we have much more to pray about because right when I started to see that, I saw Taiwan over there, and I saw China and Taiwan, and instantaneously they were over here, and they were faded back as I was turning my eyes in the spirit.
I could see China and Taiwan, and Taiwan was standing off to their side again, and the racket of war.
My goodness.
Hallelujah.
Father, let's just praise Him for what we did today.
Let's just praise Him.
There's a covering over our nation.
There's much more to pray about concerning Europe and Canada and all this, and we'll be back again.
Do you all enjoy doing this with me live like this?
I know there's some of you that are probably new.
If this is your first time being here, click a thumbs up or something.
We're curious about who's here for the first time praying with us.
We want to do this more.
We feel called to pray together because many hands make light work, and we appreciate everybody on the Fourth of July.
I know you're with your family, but it was on the heart of the Father to pray together as a family today.
And I know you'll go out and watch your fireworks now.
I just want to tell you we love you.
Yes, thank you for praying with us.
I believe we made great progress in this hour and ten minutes that we had this video.
Subscribe so you don't miss the next one.
Yeah, subscribe.
I like to set a schedule, but it's hard for me to set a schedule because I go with the river, and I don't control it.
He does.
And when He wants to talk, He talks.
That's why I pray around the car, and all of a sudden, I turn the corner and I'll go around the road, you know, I'll be driving, and all of a sudden, boom, and that intercession hits me and I start crying out, and it's just praying.
I go, "Well, we got to pray for a little bit.
" And it's like this.
I was passing a Walmart just a little bit ago, and this hit me, and He said, "Go home and pray for one hour for Me.
" I said, "Okay, we'll do it.
We'll do it, Father.
" "Yes, sir, we'll do it.
" We're victorious.
We're believing believers that are victorious.
You're never going to get fear.
But the bobbing of this is a major earthquake fixing to take place in Japan.
That was what I was going to tell you all.
I didn't tell you, but that bobbing of that thing in the sea, there's major disruptions coming—even a greater disruption in the Ring of Fire.
And I saw the bobbing of that, which means the water is rising—a tsunami.
A tsunami is what the Lord was warning us about tonight, a major tsunami.
I saw major waves, and that buoy thing was riding those waves, and the Lord said there's a disruption of a great earthquake in that water.
So, well, God bless you all.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
I really do appreciate it.
Remember, we'll be back again soon, and I pray that blessed you.
I know there's a lot of people going, "Hey, you didn't tell me.
" Well, I didn't know.
I didn't know.
I'm just being obedient.
But God is so good, and we're so thankful for every single one of you.
Thank you for those little love gifts you do.
You all don't have to do that.
We don't do this prayer because...
we do this prayer because the Lord asked us to, but when you give, that is humbling.
I want to say thank you for all your love gifts, but that is not necessary.
I want you to pray.
I want you to be a part of it.
And I just want to say thank you.
But I do want to say thank you.
It's very kind of every single one of you that do that.
Yeah, thank you so much.
It's such a blessing.
It is a blessing.
It's like, "Wow, a lot of people are kind.
" They want to love on you.
But I'm called to pray.
I'm called to pray, and I thank you for praying with me.
I really do.
I believe we accomplished a lot in the spirit realm tonight.
Praying for the trafficking—I saw kids being trafficked, and I was over Mexico again.
There is still trafficking going on, and we come against that spirit.
These people are sick, messing with these little kids.
It's like, what's wrong with you all?
They're just full of the devil, messing with little kids.
It's sick.
Well, God bless you all.
Remember, we always say this, today and always, Diana and I, we say, "Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
" God bless you all, and we will see you again soon.
Happy Fourth of July, ladies and gentlemen.
God bless America.
"God bless America, land that I love.
Stand beside her and guide her with the light...
" 249 years old today.
249 years old.
It's becoming old.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.
Happy Fourth.
Bye.